this program is brought to you by
Stanford University please visit us at
stanford.edu
we are making an announcement today that
for those families that are at the
income level of a hundred thousand
dollars or less they will not be paying
tuition to the institution and for those
families that are sixty thousand dollars
or less they will not pay tuition or
room and board and and actually from the
level of 150 thousand dollars or less
they will probably be paying thirty five
percent less than they did four years
ago we will be committing a total of a
hundred and fourteen million dollars in
financial aid to undergraduates at
Stanford and this is probably one of the
highest numbers in the United States go
to Stanford if you if you work part-time
and we think there's there's great value
and being you know contributing a little
bit to your own education that is for
students if you work about I think it's
7.5 hours a week for term time you can
you can meet the student contribution
expectation I think the key is the fear
about cost concerns about cost anxiety
about cost when you're a student has
impact on your opportunity to learn and
therefore we think by by having really
significant financial aid programs we're
going to have the opportunity to give
students the tools necessary to take
advantage of a world class education
the preceding program is copyrighted by
Stanford University please visit us at
stanford.edu